# Changelog
## Version 0.5.4 History by [aponxi](https://github.com/aponxi)

### Log:
* Added Settings to the Package Settings Menu
* Added the following Settings:
  * `watchOnModified` :
      Can be `False`, `True`, or an `Integer`.
      1. If its `false`, the watched CoffeeScript won't be compiled when modified
      2. If its an `Integer` the watched CoffeeScript will be compiled when modified after X seconds. (If you put in 3 then it will be modified only if it has been 3 seconds after the last compile, if you don't make any modifications though, it won't compile until you do)
      3. If its `true` ( _default_ ), the watched CoffeeScript will be compiled when modified after 3 seconds.
  * `watchOnSaved` :
      Can be `True` or `False`.
      This enables compiling when the CoffeeScript you were editing is Saved.

* Added Watch Support
  By default you can press `alt+shift+w` to start the watch mode. It will open an output view which you can close to stop watching. When you are watching your CoffeeScript the compiled output will be inserted in the output view at the begining. After that you can either compile when you modify the CoffeeScript or when you Save it, or both. You can set these settings by going into the package settings. Use the User Settings so that if you upgrade, you won't lose your settings.

### Known Issues:

1. [Issue #1](https://github.com/aponxi/CoffeeScript-Sublime-Plugin/issues/1): If you are watching the file and it compiles whenever you modify without delay, then Sublime Text 2 can be unresponsive. Until this is fixed, please use a delay on `watchOnModified` setting, by either setting it to True, False or something > 0.
